JSDK-2641 set mediaEl.srcObject only if needed (#881)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

Bug Fixes
---------

> - Fixed a bug where calling `VideoTrack.attach` with `video` element that was attached to the DOM caused the video to flicker. (JSDK-2641)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where attaching a VideoTrack to a HTMLVideoElement that was already in the DOM caused the video to flicker. (JSDK-2641)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Fixed a bug where switching between networks (or connecting to VPN) sometimes caused media flow to stop. (JSDK-2667)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
